welcome back to my YouTube channel. In today
's video I am going to tell you all that
if you have purchased any policy by SS Lamba, be it a
healthcare
policy, motor policy or a cut-off
policy and if you have done it, if
you have requested that we can
track you by when your claim will be
settled, then guys, let me give you complete information about
how to do it, what is the procedure,
add up to it depending on it so that
you can get the benefit, so tomorrow morning you will need an
application which you
can see in the identification installed in the phone,
I will simply open it, then let me
tell Garima that you have to
register and login with that number which
you had submitted there while purchasing the policy,
so here you can see
that a giant page opens, in the morning, simple
you have to do is that there is
an option of claim next to the policy, simple you have to click on it,
here you will find an
option Effective Plus Simple, you have to click on it
So you don't know how to
do it with identification, then a
video has been made dedicated to your husband,
you can watch the videos, I have
given it in the description, so here
you will check this divine number in this way,
please by liking,
if you click here, then here
how many votes did your request crush get,
airplane mode was on, then it was washed with shampoo,
if you
want to comment more pressure than that, then
submit it here, then you will not get it with him, you will get it as per
your wish, so guys, in
this way you will see here the
tractor has given its claim settlement in long
ghee, if you
liked the video then
please like and subscribe to this video,
thanks
[Music]